com/platinum/model/GameObject.java
 com.platinum.model.GameObject
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/zulrah/impl/RangeStageNine.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.zulrah.impl.RangeStageNine
com/platinum/world/content/LotterySystem.java
 com.platinum.world.content.LotterySystem
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Sire.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Sire
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Sire$1
com/platinum/world/content/Counter.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Counter
com/platinum/model/movement/path/PathFinder.java
 com.platinum.model.movement.path.PathFinder
com/platinum/util/RSAKeyGenerator.java
 com.platinum.util.RSAKeyGenerator
com/platinum/world/content/dialogue/DialogueExpression.java
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.DialogueExpression
com/platinum/world/content/minigames/impl/FightPit.java
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.FightPit
com/platinum/world/content/teleportation/teleportsystem/BossInformation.java
 com.platinum.world.content.teleportation.teleportsystem.BossInformation
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/HunterTrapsTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.HunterTrapsTask
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/fletching/BowData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.fletching.BowData
com/platinum/world/content/Wildywyrm.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Wildywyrm
 com.platinum.world.content.Wildywyrm$1
 com.platinum.world.content.Wildywyrm$WildywyrmLocation
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/SkeletalHorror.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.SkeletalHorror
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.SkeletalHorror$1
com/platinum/util/MathUtils.java
 com.platinum.util.MathUtils
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/SetDropSimulationAmount.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.SetDropSimulationAmount
com/platinum/model/input/impl/SearchForItemInput.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.SearchForItemInput
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/zulrah/Zulrah.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.zulrah.Zulrah
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.zulrah.Zulrah$1
com/platinum/world/content/dialogue/DialogueType.java
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.DialogueType
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Icedemon.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Icedemon
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Icedemon$1
com/platinum/net/packet/AddGambleItemPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.AddGambleItemPacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/customraids/CustomRaid.java
 com.platinum.world.content.customraids.CustomRaid
 com.platinum.world.content.customraids.CustomRaid$1
com/platinum/HighscoresHandler.java
 com.platinum.HighscoresHandler
com/platinum/world/content/customraids/input/JoinPartyInputListener.java
 com.platinum.world.content.customraids.input.JoinPartyInputListener
com/platinum/world/content/dialogue/impl/RaidPartyInvitation.java
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.RaidPartyInvitation
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.RaidPartyInvitation$1
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/ChangeRelationStatusPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ChangeRelationStatusPacketListener
com/platinum/model/Graphic.java
 com.platinum.model.Graphic
com/platinum/world/content/TheCustomBoss.java
 com.platinum.world.content.TheCustomBoss
 com.platinum.world.content.TheCustomBoss$1
 com.platinum.world.content.TheCustomBoss$2
 com.platinum.world.content.TheCustomBoss$CustomBossLocation
com/platinum/util/SerializableFilesManager.java
 com.platinum.util.SerializableFilesManager
com/platinum/net/packet/PacketSender.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.PacketSender
 com.platinum.net.packet.PacketSender$InterfaceStore
com/platinum/world/content/treasuretrails/DiggingScrolls.java
 com.platinum.world.content.treasuretrails.DiggingScrolls
 com.platinum.world.content.treasuretrails.DiggingScrolls$DigData
com/platinum/world/World.java
 com.platinum.world.World
 com.platinum.world.World$1
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/construction/ConstructionSave.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionSave
com/platinum/net/PipelineFactory.java
 com.platinum.net.PipelineFactory
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/player/EcoReset.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.player.EcoReset
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/farming/Calquat.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.farming.Calquat
com/platinum/world/content/skill/ChatboxInterfaceSkillAction.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.ChatboxInterfaceSkillAction
com/platinum/world/content/TheMay.java
 com.platinum.world.content.TheMay
 com.platinum.world.content.TheMay$1
 com.platinum.world.content.TheMay$2
 com.platinum.world.content.TheMay$TheMayLocation
com/platinum/world/content/teleportation/TeleportBosses.java
 com.platinum.world.content.teleportation.TeleportBosses
 com.platinum.world.content.teleportation.TeleportBosses$Bosses
com/platinum/world/content/dialogue/DialogueOptions.java
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.DialogueOptions
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.DialogueOptions$1
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.DialogueOptions$2
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.DialogueOptions$3
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.DialogueOptions$4
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/DefaultMeleeCombatStrategy.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.DefaultMeleeCombatStrategy
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/PlayerSpecialAmountTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.PlayerSpecialAmountTask
com/platinum/world/content/ChristmasPresent.java
 com.platinum.world.content.ChristmasPresent
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/summoning/PouchMaking.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.summoning.PouchMaking
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.summoning.PouchMaking$1
com/platinum/world/content/droppreview/NEXX.java
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.NEXX
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.NEXX$1
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.NEXX$2
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Cyrisus.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Cyrisus
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Cyrisus$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Warmonger.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Warmonger
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/godwars/Aviansie.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.godwars.Aviansie
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.godwars.Aviansie$1
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/farming/Tree.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.farming.Tree
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/farming/Farming.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.farming.Farming
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/PrayerRegainPotionTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.PrayerRegainPotionTask
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/prayer/Prayer.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.prayer.Prayer
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.prayer.Prayer$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/KCMinions.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.KCMinions
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.KCMinions$1
com/platinum/world/content/InstanceInterfaceManager.java
 com.platinum.world.content.InstanceInterfaceManager
com/platinum/world/content/transportation/TeleportHandler.java
 com.platinum.world.content.transportation.TeleportHandler
 com.platinum.world.content.transportation.TeleportHandler$1
 com.platinum.world.content.transportation.TeleportHandler$2
 com.platinum.world.content.transportation.TeleportHandler$3
com/platinum/model/input/impl/ChangePassword.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.ChangePassword
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Nazastarool.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Nazastarool
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Nazastarool$1
com/platinum/world/content/treasuretrails/CoordinateScrolls.java
 com.platinum.world.content.treasuretrails.CoordinateScrolls
 com.platinum.world.content.treasuretrails.CoordinateScrolls$CoordinateData
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/Dissolve.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.Dissolve
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.Dissolve$DissItem
com/platinum/world/content/scratchcard/ScratchCard.java
 com.platinum.world.content.scratchcard.ScratchCard
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/DropItemPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.DropItemPacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/agility/Agility.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.Agility
com/platinum/world/content/Artifacts.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Artifacts
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/farming/Plant.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.farming.Plant
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.farming.Plant$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.farming.Plant$2
com/platinum/model/DwarfCannon.java
 com.platinum.model.DwarfCannon
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/Item.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.Item
com/platinum/world/content/collectionlog/CollectionEntry.java
 com.platinum.world.content.collectionlog.CollectionEntry
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/herblore/WeaponPoison.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.herblore.WeaponPoison
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.herblore.WeaponPoison$Weapon
com/platinum/world/content/FantasyChest.java
 com.platinum.world.content.FantasyChest
 com.platinum.world.content.FantasyChest$1
com/platinum/world/content/BankPin.java
 com.platinum.world.content.BankPin
 com.platinum.world.content.BankPin$BankPinAttributes
com/platinum/world/content/minigames/impl/Dueling.java
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.Dueling
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.Dueling$1
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.Dueling$DuelRule
com/platinum/model/Hit.java
 com.platinum.model.Hit
com/platinum/world/content/PlayerPunishment.java
 com.platinum.world.content.PlayerPunishment
 com.platinum.world.content.PlayerPunishment$Jail
com/platinum/world/content/ClueScrolls.java
 com.platinum.world.content.ClueScrolls
com/platinum/world/content/droppreview/SKOT.java
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.SKOT
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.SKOT$1
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.SKOT$2
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/runecrafting/RunecraftingData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.runecrafting.RunecraftingData
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.runecrafting.RunecraftingData$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.runecrafting.RunecraftingData$RuneData
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.runecrafting.RunecraftingData$TalismanData
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/Character.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.Character
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.Character$1
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.Character$2
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.Character$3
com/platinum/util/MACBanL.java
 com.platinum.util.MACBanL
com/platinum/world/content/upgrading/UpgradeListener.java
 com.platinum.world.content.upgrading.UpgradeListener
 com.platinum.world.content.upgrading.UpgradeListener$1
com/platinum/GameServer.java
 com.platinum.GameServer
com/platinum/world/content/combat/HitQueue.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.HitQueue
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.HitQueue$CombatHit
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.HitQueue$CombatHit$1
com/platinum/world/content/minigames/impl/FightCave.java
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.FightCave
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.FightCave$1
com/platinum/model/input/Input.java
 com.platinum.model.input.Input
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/construction/ConstructionData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionData
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionData$Butlers
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionData$Furniture
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionData$HotSpots
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionData$HouseLocation
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionData$HouseTheme
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionData$Portals
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionData$RoomData
com/platinum/world/content/raids/InstancedRaid.java
 com.platinum.world.content.raids.InstancedRaid
com/platinum/engine/task/TaskManager.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.TaskManager
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/CloseInterfacePacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.CloseInterfacePacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/dissolving/DissolveData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.dissolving.DissolveData
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/firemaking/Firemaking.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.firemaking.Firemaking
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.firemaking.Firemaking$1
com/platinum/util/QuickUtils.java
 com.platinum.util.QuickUtils
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/EquipPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.EquipPacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/combat/weapon/CombatSpecial.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$10
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$11
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$11$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$12
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$12$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$13
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$13$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$14
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$15
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$16
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$16$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$17
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$18
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$19
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$2
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$20
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$21
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$22
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$22$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$23
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$23$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$24
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$25
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$25$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$26
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$26$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$27
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$27$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$28
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$29
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$3
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$30
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$30$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$30$1$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$31
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$32
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$33
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$33$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$34
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$35
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$36
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$37
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$37$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$38
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$38$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$39
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$39$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$4
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$4$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$40
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$41
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$5
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$6
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$7
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$8
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.CombatSpecial$9
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/summoning/Summoning.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.summoning.Summoning
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.summoning.Summoning$1
com/platinum/world/content/raids/RaidNpc.java
 com.platinum.world.content.raids.RaidNpc
com/platinum/world/content/ItemComparing.java
 com.platinum.world.content.ItemComparing
com/platinum/model/CombatIcon.java
 com.platinum.model.CombatIcon
com/platinum/world/content/treasuretrails/MapScrolls.java
 com.platinum.world.content.treasuretrails.MapScrolls
 com.platinum.world.content.treasuretrails.MapScrolls$MapCluesData
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/hunter/PuroPuro.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.hunter.PuroPuro
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.hunter.PuroPuro$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Sagittare.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Sagittare
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Sagittare$1
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/player/PlayerSaving.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.player.PlayerSaving
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/RegionChangePacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.RegionChangePacketListener
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.RegionChangePacketListener$1
com/platinum/world/content/treasuretrails/Sextant.java
 com.platinum.world.content.treasuretrails.Sextant
com/platinum/world/content/BonusManager.java
 com.platinum.world.content.BonusManager
com/platinum/model/PlayerInteractingOption.java
 com.platinum.model.PlayerInteractingOption
com/platinum/net/packet/TitleCustomizerPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.TitleCustomizerPacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/RainbowTextureNPC.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.RainbowTextureNPC
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.RainbowTextureNPC$1
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/PraiseTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.PraiseTask
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/crafting/tanningData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.crafting.tanningData
com/platinum/GameLoader.java
 com.platinum.GameLoader
com/platinum/world/content/invansionminigame/InvasionData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.invansionminigame.InvasionData
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/fishing/Fishing.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.fishing.Fishing
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.fishing.Fishing$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.fishing.Fishing$Spot
com/platinum/world/content/starterzone/StarterZone.java
 com.platinum.world.content.starterzone.StarterZone
com/platinum/world/content/Juggernaut.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Juggernaut
 com.platinum.world.content.Juggernaut$1
 com.platinum.world.content.Juggernaut$2
 com.platinum.world.content.Juggernaut$JuggernautLocation
com/platinum/world/content/serverperks/PersonalPerks.java
 com.platinum.world.content.serverperks.PersonalPerks
 com.platinum.world.content.serverperks.PersonalPerks$Perk
com/platinum/world/content/fuser/CombineHandler2.java
 com.platinum.world.content.fuser.CombineHandler2
com/platinum/mysql/MySQLDatabase.java
 com.platinum.mysql.MySQLDatabase
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/woodcutting/Woodcutting.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.woodcutting.Woodcutting
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.woodcutting.Woodcutting$1
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/GroundItemsTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.GroundItemsTask
com/platinum/world/content/NpcTasks.java
 com.platinum.world.content.NpcTasks
 com.platinum.world.content.NpcTasks$NpcTaskAttributes
 com.platinum.world.content.NpcTasks$NpcTaskData
com/platinum/world/content/combat/magic/CustomMagicStaff.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CustomMagicStaff
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CustomMagicStaff$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CustomMagicStaff$CustomStaff
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/agility/ObstacleData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$1$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$10
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$10$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$10$1$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$11
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$11$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$12
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$12$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$12$1$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$12$1$1$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$13
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$13$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$14
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$14$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$15
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$15$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$16
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$16$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$17
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$17$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$18
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$18$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$19
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$19$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$2
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$2$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$20
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$20$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$21
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$21$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$22
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$22$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$23
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$23$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$24
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$24$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$25
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$25$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$3
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$3$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$4
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$4$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$5
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$5$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$6
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$6$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$7
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$7$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$8
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$8$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$9
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.agility.ObstacleData$9$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/BalfrugKreeyath.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.BalfrugKreeyath
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.BalfrugKreeyath$1
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/CivilRainTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.CivilRainTask
com/platinum/model/definitions/WeaponInterfaces.java
 com.platinum.model.definitions.WeaponInterfaces
 com.platinum.model.definitions.WeaponInterfaces$1
 com.platinum.model.definitions.WeaponInterfaces$WeaponInterface
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/CustomVoragoCombat.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.CustomVoragoCombat
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.CustomVoragoCombat$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.CustomVoragoCombat$2
com/platinum/world/content/PointsHandler.java
 com.platinum.world.content.PointsHandler
com/platinum/model/input/impl/DonateTaxBagsInput.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.DonateTaxBagsInput
com/platinum/world/content/combat/effect/EquipmentBonus.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.effect.EquipmentBonus
com/platinum/world/content/event/EventHandler.java
 com.platinum.world.content.event.EventHandler
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Cerberus.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Cerberus
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Cerberus$1
com/platinum/world/content/PlsHelpMe.java
 com.platinum.world.content.PlsHelpMe
com/platinum/world/content/StoreMBox.java
 com.platinum.world.content.StoreMBox
 com.platinum.world.content.StoreMBox$StoreItems
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/construction/ConstructionConstants.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionConstants
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountOfLeatherToCraft.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountOfLeatherToCraft
com/platinum/world/content/Lottery.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Lottery
 com.platinum.world.content.Lottery$Dialogues
 com.platinum.world.content.Lottery$Dialogues$1
 com.platinum.world.content.Lottery$Dialogues$2
com/platinum/world/content/event/ServerEvent.java
 com.platinum.world.content.event.ServerEvent
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/player/Player.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.player.Player
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.player.Player$KeyTypes
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/FinalizedMapRegionChangePacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.FinalizedMapRegionChangePacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/dialogue/impl/Tutorial.java
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.Tutorial
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.Tutorial$1
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.Tutorial$10
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.Tutorial$11
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.Tutorial$12
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.Tutorial$13
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.Tutorial$14
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.Tutorial$15
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.Tutorial$15$1
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.Tutorial$2
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.Tutorial$3
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.Tutorial$4
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.Tutorial$5
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.Tutorial$6
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.Tutorial$7
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.Tutorial$8
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.Tutorial$9
com/platinum/world/content/StartScreen.java
 com.platinum.world.content.StartScreen
 com.platinum.world.content.StartScreen$GameModes
com/platinum/net/packet/codec/PacketEncoder.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.codec.PacketEncoder
com/platinum/world/content/Achievements.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Achievements
 com.platinum.world.content.Achievements$AchievementAttributes
 com.platinum.world.content.Achievements$AchievementData
 com.platinum.world.content.Achievements$Difficulty
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/DuelAcceptancePacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.DuelAcceptancePacketListener
com/platinum/util/FrameUpdater.java
 com.platinum.util.FrameUpdater
 com.platinum.util.FrameUpdater$Frame126
com/platinum/net/PlayerSession.java
 com.platinum.net.PlayerSession
com/platinum/world/content/droppreview/KBD.java
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.KBD
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.KBD$1
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.KBD$2
com/platinum/world/content/ShopRestocking.java
 com.platinum.world.content.ShopRestocking
com/platinum/world/content/preset/Preset4.java
 com.platinum.world.content.preset.Preset4
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountToCheck.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountToCheck
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/scavenging/ScavengeGain.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.scavenging.ScavengeGain
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/ExamineItemPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ExamineItemPacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/discordbot/JavaCord.java
 com.platinum.world.content.discordbot.JavaCord
com/platinum/model/Position.java
 com.platinum.model.Position
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/LizardMan.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.LizardMan
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.LizardMan$1
com/platinum/world/content/VoteMbox.java
 com.platinum.world.content.VoteMbox
com/platinum/net/packet/ScratchCardEndPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.ScratchCardEndPacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/raids/Raid3.java
 com.platinum.world.content.raids.Raid3
com/platinum/world/content/guidesInterface/GuideBook.java
 com.platinum.world.content.guidesInterface.GuideBook
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Thermonuclear.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Thermonuclear
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Thermonuclear$1
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterSyntaxToBankSearchFor.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterSyntaxToBankSearchFor
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/construction/House.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.House
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/herblore/Decanting.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.herblore.Decanting
com/platinum/model/definitions/GameObjectDefinition.java
 com.platinum.model.definitions.GameObjectDefinition
com/platinum/world/content/groupironman/input/KickPlayerInputListener.java
 com.platinum.world.content.groupironman.input.KickPlayerInputListener
com/platinum/world/content/scratchcard/ScratchCardCombination.java
 com.platinum.world.content.scratchcard.ScratchCardCombination
com/platinum/world/content/teleportation/TeleportSkilling.java
 com.platinum.world.content.teleportation.TeleportSkilling
 com.platinum.world.content.teleportation.TeleportSkilling$Skilling
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/RemadeZulrah.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.CombatAction
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.CombatAction$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.CombatAction$2
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.CombatAction$2$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.CombatAction$3
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.RemadeZulrah
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.RemadeZulrah$1
com/platinum/model/definitions/NpcDefinition.java
 com.platinum.model.definitions.NpcDefinition
 com.platinum.model.definitions.NpcDefinition$1
com/platinum/world/content/CycleEventContainer.java
 com.platinum.world.content.CycleEventContainer
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/farming/FarmingConstants.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.farming.FarmingConstants
com/platinum/model/Prayerbook.java
 com.platinum.model.Prayerbook
com/platinum/model/definitions/NPCDrops.java
 com.platinum.model.definitions.NPCDrops
 com.platinum.model.definitions.NPCDrops$1
 com.platinum.model.definitions.NPCDrops$DropChance
 com.platinum.model.definitions.NPCDrops$ItemDropAnnouncer
 com.platinum.model.definitions.NPCDrops$NpcDropItem
 com.platinum.model.definitions.NPCDrops$NpcDropItem$1
 com.platinum.model.definitions.NPCDrops$WellChance
com/platinum/world/content/Scoreboards.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Scoreboards
 com.platinum.world.content.Scoreboards$1
 com.platinum.world.content.Scoreboards$2
 com.platinum.world.content.Scoreboards$3
 com.platinum.world.content.Scoreboards$4
 com.platinum.world.content.Scoreboards$5
 com.platinum.world.content.Scoreboards$Scoreboard
 com.platinum.world.content.Scoreboards$ScoreboardEntry
com/platinum/world/content/roulette/RouletteDeposit.java
 com.platinum.world.content.roulette.RouletteDeposit
com/platinum/world/content/SupremeMysteryBox.java
 com.platinum.world.content.SupremeMysteryBox
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/firemaking/Logdata.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.firemaking.Logdata
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.firemaking.Logdata$logData
com/platinum/world/content/scratchcards/ScratchCard.java
 com.platinum.world.content.scratchcards.ScratchCard
com/platinum/model/input/impl/SellShards.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.SellShards
com/platinum/world/clip/region/RegionClipping.java
 com.platinum.world.clip.region.RegionClipping
 com.platinum.world.clip.region.RegionClipping$RegionData
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/prayer/BonesData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.prayer.BonesData
com/platinum/net/login/LoginResponses.java
 com.platinum.net.login.LoginResponses
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/summoning/CharmingImp.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.summoning.CharmingImp
com/platinum/world/content/BestItems.java
 com.platinum.world.content.BestItems
 com.platinum.world.content.BestItems$1
 com.platinum.world.content.sortDefinitions
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountOfBowsToString.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountOfBowsToString
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterSyntaxToNpcSearchFor.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterSyntaxToNpcSearchFor
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/PersonalPerkContributionInput.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.PersonalPerkContributionInput
com/platinum/world/content/teleportation/Teleporting.java
 com.platinum.world.content.teleportation.Teleporting
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/zulrah/ZulrahStage.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.zulrah.ZulrahStage
com/platinum/world/content/Onslaught.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Onslaught
 com.platinum.world.content.Onslaught$1
 com.platinum.world.content.Onslaught$2
 com.platinum.world.content.Onslaught$OnslaughtLocation
com/platinum/world/entity/updating/NpcUpdateSequence.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.updating.NpcUpdateSequence
com/platinum/world/content/combat/bossminigame/RandomNPCData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.bossminigame.RandomNPCData
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/Boundary.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.Boundary
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/herblore/Potion.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.herblore.Potion
com/platinum/world/content/DropSimulator.java
 com.platinum.world.content.DropSimulator
com/platinum/world/content/combat/CombatContainer.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.CombatContainer
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.CombatContainer$CombatHit
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Jad.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Jad
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Jad$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Jad$2
com/platinum/world/content/droppreview/GWD.java
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.GWD
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.GWD$1
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.GWD$2
com/platinum/net/packet/TransformToNpcPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.TransformToNpcPacketListener
com/platinum/model/input/impl/AntiBottingInput.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.AntiBottingInput
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/slayer/Slayer.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.slayer.Slayer
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.slayer.Slayer$1
com/platinum/world/content/pet/Pet.java
 com.platinum.world.content.pet.Pet
com/platinum/world/content/EnergyHandler.java
 com.platinum.world.content.EnergyHandler
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/InstancedArea.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.InstancedArea
com/platinum/world/content/PetMysteryBox.java
 com.platinum.world.content.PetMysteryBox
com/platinum/world/content/combat/bossminigame/EquipmentSetups.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.bossminigame.EquipmentSetups
com/platinum/world/content/crashgame/HandleCrashDeposit.java
 com.platinum.world.content.crashgame.HandleCrashDeposit
com/platinum/world/content/raids/Raid2.java
 com.platinum.world.content.raids.Raid2
com/platinum/net/packet/PacketBuilder.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.PacketBuilder
 com.platinum.net.packet.PacketBuilder$1
 com.platinum.net.packet.PacketBuilder$AccessType
com/platinum/world/content/crashgame/HandleCrashWithdraw.java
 com.platinum.world.content.crashgame.HandleCrashWithdraw
com/platinum/world/content/EventBox.java
 com.platinum.world.content.EventBox
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountToRemoveFromBank.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountToRemoveFromBank
com/platinum/world/content/preset/Preset3.java
 com.platinum.world.content.preset.Preset3
com/platinum/drophandler/NpcMultiDrops.java
 com.platinum.drophandler.NpcMultiDrops
 com.platinum.drophandler.NpcMultiDrops$1
com/platinum/world/content/customraids/RaidDifficulty.java
 com.platinum.world.content.customraids.RaidDifficulty
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/ItemActionPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ItemActionPacketListener
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ItemActionPacketListener$1
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ItemActionPacketListener$2
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ItemActionPacketListener$3
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ItemActionPacketListener$4
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ItemActionPacketListener$5
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ItemActionPacketListener$6
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ItemActionPacketListener$7
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ItemActionPacketListener$8
com/platinum/world/content/scratchcard/ScratchCardInstanced.java
 com.platinum.world.content.scratchcard.ScratchCardInstanced
com/platinum/world/entity/updating/UpdateSequence.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.updating.UpdateSequence
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/ServerPerkContributionInput.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ServerPerkContributionInput
com/platinum/world/content/Emotes.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Emotes
 com.platinum.world.content.Emotes$1
 com.platinum.world.content.Emotes$2
 com.platinum.world.content.Emotes$EmoteData
 com.platinum.world.content.Emotes$Skillcape_Data
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/HPRegainPotionTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.HPRegainPotionTask
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/CustomRenewalTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.CustomRenewalTask
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/summoning/Pouch.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.summoning.Pouch
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/GESelectItemPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.GESelectItemPacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/dks/ArmadylAbyzou.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.dks.ArmadylAbyzou
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.dks.ArmadylAbyzou$1
com/platinum/model/Gender.java
 com.platinum.model.Gender
com/platinum/world/content/droppreview/BORKS.java
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.BORKS
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.BORKS$1
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.BORKS$2
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/summoning/SummoningTab.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.summoning.SummoningTab
com/platinum/world/content/TheSeph.java
 com.platinum.world.content.TheSeph
 com.platinum.world.content.TheSeph$1
 com.platinum.world.content.TheSeph$2
 com.platinum.world.content.TheSeph$TheSephLocation
com/platinum/world/content/MoneyPouch.java
 com.platinum.world.content.MoneyPouch
com/platinum/world/content/combat/prayer/PrayerHandler.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.prayer.PrayerHandler
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.prayer.PrayerHandler$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.prayer.PrayerHandler$2
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.prayer.PrayerHandler$PrayerData
com/platinum/world/content/minigames/impl/Graveyard.java
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.Graveyard
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.Graveyard$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/CustomNpc.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.CustomNpc
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.CustomNpc$1
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/zulrah/DangerousLocation.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.zulrah.DangerousLocation
com/platinum/world/content/aoesystem/AOEHandler.java
 com.platinum.world.content.aoesystem.AOEHandler
com/platinum/model/container/impl/EquipmentWings.java
 com.platinum.model.container.impl.EquipmentWings
com/platinum/mysql/impl/Donation.java
 com.platinum.mysql.impl.Donation
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/slayer/SlayerDialogues.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.slayer.SlayerDialogues
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.slayer.SlayerDialogues$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.slayer.SlayerDialogues$1$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.slayer.SlayerDialogues$2
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.slayer.SlayerDialogues$3
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.slayer.SlayerDialogues$3$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.slayer.SlayerDialogues$4
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.slayer.SlayerDialogues$5
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.slayer.SlayerDialogues$5$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.slayer.SlayerDialogues$6
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.slayer.SlayerDialogues$7
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.slayer.SlayerDialogues$7$1
com/platinum/model/movement/path/PathGenerator.java
 com.platinum.model.movement.path.PathGenerator
com/platinum/model/Animation.java
 com.platinum.model.Animation
com/platinum/world/content/Effigies.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Effigies
 com.platinum.world.content.Effigies$1
 com.platinum.world.content.Effigies$1$1
 com.platinum.world.content.Effigies$1$1$1
com/platinum/world/content/minigames/MinigameManager.java
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.MinigameManager
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.MinigameManager$AllowedType
com/platinum/GameSettings.java
 com.platinum.GameSettings
com/platinum/model/movement/MovementQueue.java
 com.platinum.model.movement.MovementQueue
 com.platinum.model.movement.MovementQueue$1
 com.platinum.model.movement.MovementQueue$Point
com/platinum/model/Appearance.java
 com.platinum.model.Appearance
com/platinum/world/content/grandexchange/GrandExchange.java
 com.platinum.world.content.grandexchange.GrandExchange
 com.platinum.world.content.grandexchange.GrandExchange$1
com/platinum/world/content/ItemForging.java
 com.platinum.world.content.ItemForging
 com.platinum.world.content.ItemForging$ItemForgeData
com/platinum/model/input/impl/BuyAgilityExperience.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.BuyAgilityExperience
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Abbadon.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Abbadon
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Abbadon$1
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/ButtonClickPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ButtonClickPacketListener
com/platinum/model/PlayerRelations.java
 com.platinum.model.PlayerRelations
 com.platinum.model.PlayerRelations$PrivateChatStatus
com/platinum/world/content/groupironman/GroupIronmanGroup.java
 com.platinum.world.content.groupironman.GroupIronmanGroup
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/farming/FruitTree.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.farming.FruitTree
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/EnterInputPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.EnterInputPacketListener
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/zulrah/impl/CreateToxicStageOne.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.zulrah.impl.CreateToxicStageOne
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountOfGemsToCut.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountOfGemsToCut
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/zulrah/SpawnDangerousEntity.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.zulrah.SpawnDangerousEntity
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/CombatSkullEffect.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.CombatSkullEffect
com/platinum/world/content/combat/magic/PlayerMagicStaff.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.PlayerMagicStaff
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/Sagittare.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.Sagittare
com/platinum/world/content/ToyHorses.java
 com.platinum.world.content.ToyHorses
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/slayer/SlayerMaster.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.slayer.SlayerMaster
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/PoisonImmunityTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.PoisonImmunityTask
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Skotizo.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Skotizo
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Skotizo$1
com/platinum/world/content/droppreview/DAGS.java
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.DAGS
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.DAGS$1
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.DAGS$2
com/platinum/world/content/teleportation/TeleportDonator.java
 com.platinum.world.content.teleportation.TeleportDonator
 com.platinum.world.content.teleportation.TeleportDonator$Donator
com/platinum/world/content/roulette/Roulette.java
 com.platinum.world.content.roulette.Roulette
 com.platinum.world.content.roulette.Roulette$BetType
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/MovementPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.MovementPacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/combat/CombatHookTask.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.CombatHookTask
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/construction/ConstructionDialogues.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$10
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$11
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$12
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$12$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$13
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$13$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$14
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$14$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$15
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$15$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$15$1$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$16
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$16$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$17
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$17$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$17$1$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$18
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$18$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$18$1$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$18$1$1$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$19
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$19$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$19$1$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$19$1$1$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$2
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$20
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$3
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$3$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$4
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$5
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$5$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$6
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$7
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$8
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionDialogues$9
com/platinum/net/packet/SantaHatCustomization.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.SantaHatCustomization
com/platinum/world/content/CycleEventHandler.java
 com.platinum.world.content.CycleEventHandler
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/construction/ConstructionActions.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionActions
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionActions$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionActions$2
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionActions$3
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionActions$3$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionActions$3$1$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionActions$4
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.ConstructionActions$4$1
com/platinum/world/content/droppreview/KALPH.java
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.KALPH
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.KALPH$1
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.KALPH$2
com/platinum/world/content/BlowpipeLoading.java
 com.platinum.world.content.BlowpipeLoading
com/platinum/world/content/ProfileViewing.java
 com.platinum.world.content.ProfileViewing
 com.platinum.world.content.ProfileViewing$Profile
com/platinum/model/Projectile.java
 com.platinum.model.Projectile
 com.platinum.model.Projectile$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Necrolord.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Necrolord
com/platinum/world/content/CharmBox.java
 com.platinum.world.content.CharmBox
com/platinum/world/content/combat/CombatFactory.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.CombatFactory
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.CombatFactory$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.CombatFactory$2
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.CombatFactory$3
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.CombatFactory$4
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Death.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Death
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Death$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/godwars/KreeArra.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.godwars.KreeArra
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.godwars.KreeArra$1
com/platinum/world/content/GamblingAction.java
 com.platinum.world.content.GamblingAction
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/OlmMinionsCombat.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.OlmMinionsCombat
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.OlmMinionsCombat$1
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/hunter/TrapExecution.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.hunter.TrapExecution
com/platinum/world/content/pos/PlayerOwnedShopManager.java
 com.platinum.world.content.pos.PlayerOwnedShopManager
 com.platinum.world.content.pos.PlayerOwnedShopManager$1
 com.platinum.world.content.pos.PlayerOwnedShopManager$2
 com.platinum.world.content.pos.PlayerOwnedShopManager$3
com/platinum/world/content/dialogue/EnterLotteryTicketAmount.java
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.EnterLotteryTicketAmount
com/platinum/world/content/droppreview/CORP.java
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.CORP
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.CORP$1
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.CORP$2
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/HpPotionTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.HpPotionTask
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Spinolyp.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Spinolyp
com/platinum/world/entity/updating/PlayerUpdating.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.updating.PlayerUpdating
com/platinum/net/login/LoginDecoder.java
 com.platinum.net.login.LoginDecoder
 com.platinum.net.login.LoginDecoder$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/ToKashBloodchiller.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.ToKashBloodchiller
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.ToKashBloodchiller$1
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/FamiliarSpawnTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.FamiliarSpawnTask
com/platinum/world/content/fuser/CombineEnum2.java
 com.platinum.world.content.fuser.CombineEnum2
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/farming/Allotment.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.farming.Allotment
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/SingleInstancedArea.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.SingleInstancedArea
com/platinum/net/packet/GambleInvititationPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.GambleInvititationPacketListener
 com.platinum.net.packet.GambleInvititationPacketListener$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/wilderness/Venenatis.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.wilderness.Venenatis
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/SingleInstancedSagittare.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.SingleInstancedSagittare
com/platinum/world/content/minigames/impl/LastManStanding.java
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.LastManStanding
com/platinum/model/PlayerRights.java
 com.platinum.model.PlayerRights
com/platinum/net/security/ISAACCipher.java
 com.platinum.net.security.ISAACCipher
com/platinum/world/content/KillsTracker.java
 com.platinum.world.content.KillsTracker
 com.platinum.world.content.KillsTracker$1
 com.platinum.world.content.KillsTracker$2
 com.platinum.world.content.KillsTracker$KillsEntry
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountToStake.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountToStake
com/platinum/world/content/serverperks/GlobalPerks.java
 com.platinum.world.content.serverperks.GlobalPerks
 com.platinum.world.content.serverperks.GlobalPerks$Perk
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/mining/Prospecting.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.mining.Prospecting
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.mining.Prospecting$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/bossminigame/BossRewardChestData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.bossminigame.BossRewardChestData
com/platinum/world/content/itemcombiner/Combiner.java
 com.platinum.world.content.itemcombiner.Combiner
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/dungeoneering/ItemBinding.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.dungeoneering.ItemBinding
com/platinum/world/content/combat/CombatBuilder.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.CombatBuilder
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.CombatBuilder$CombatDamageCache
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/smithing/SmithingData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.smithing.SmithingData
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountToRemoveFromTrade.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountToRemoveFromTrade
com/platinum/world/content/roulette/RouletteWithdraw.java
 com.platinum.world.content.roulette.RouletteWithdraw
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/fletching/Fletching.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.fletching.Fletching
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.fletching.Fletching$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.fletching.Fletching$2
com/platinum/model/Flag.java
 com.platinum.model.Flag
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/godwars/Growler.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.godwars.Growler
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.godwars.Growler$1
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/herblore/FinishedPotions.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.herblore.FinishedPotions
com/platinum/world/content/CycleEvent.java
 com.platinum.world.content.CycleEvent
com/platinum/tools/ConflictedCopyRemover.java
 com.platinum.tools.ConflictedCopyRemover
com/platinum/world/content/DonationBox.java
 com.platinum.world.content.DonationBox
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/thieving/Stalls.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.thieving.Stalls
com/platinum/model/CharacterAnimations.java
 com.platinum.model.CharacterAnimations
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/summoning/SummoningData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.summoning.SummoningData
com/platinum/world/content/starterzone/StarterZoneInterface.java
 com.platinum.world.content.starterzone.StarterZoneInterface
com/platinum/world/content/droppreview/SLASHBASH.java
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.SLASHBASH
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.SLASHBASH$1
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.SLASHBASH$2
com/platinum/world/content/CustomFreeForAll.java
 com.platinum.world.content.CustomFreeForAll
com/platinum/model/container/impl/Equipment.java
 com.platinum.model.container.impl.Equipment
com/platinum/world/content/WellOfWealth.java
 com.platinum.world.content.WellOfWealth
 com.platinum.world.content.WellOfWealth$1
 com.platinum.world.content.WellOfWealth$2
 com.platinum.world.content.WellOfWealth$WellState
com/platinum/NpcDataToRemove.java
 com.platinum.NpcDataToRemove
com/platinum/world/content/combat/magic/CombatEffectSpell.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatEffectSpell
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/ServerTimeUpdateTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.ServerTimeUpdateTask
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.ServerTimeUpdateTask$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Cobra.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Cobra
com/platinum/world/entity/updating/NPCUpdating.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.updating.NPCUpdating
com/platinum/world/content/MonsterDrops.java
 com.platinum.world.content.MonsterDrops
com/platinum/world/content/PkSets.java
 com.platinum.world.content.PkSets
com/platinum/model/input/impl/GambleAmount.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.GambleAmount
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.GambleAmount$1
com/platinum/world/content/teleportation/TeleportTraining.java
 com.platinum.world.content.teleportation.TeleportTraining
 com.platinum.world.content.teleportation.TeleportTraining$Training
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/PickupItemPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.PickupItemPacketListener
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.PickupItemPacketListener$1
com/platinum/world/content/NpcBattles.java
 com.platinum.world.content.NpcBattles
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountToBank.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountToBank
com/platinum/world/content/TimelyReward1.java
 com.platinum.world.content.TimelyReward1
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountToBuyFromShop.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountToBuyFromShop
com/platinum/world/content/droppreview/BARRELS.java
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.BARRELS
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.BARRELS$1
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.BARRELS$2
com/platinum/model/UpdateFlag.java
 com.platinum.model.UpdateFlag
com/platinum/util/NameUtils.java
 com.platinum.util.NameUtils
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/NPC.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.NPC
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.NPC$1
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.NPC$2
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/NPCOptionPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.NPCOptionPacketListener
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.NPCOptionPacketListener$1
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.NPCOptionPacketListener$2
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.NPCOptionPacketListener$3
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.NPCOptionPacketListener$4
com/platinum/world/content/SephirothChest.java
 com.platinum.world.content.SephirothChest
 com.platinum.world.content.SephirothChest$1
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/hunter/ImpData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.hunter.ImpData
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/ViewProfilePacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ViewProfilePacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/cooking/Cooking.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.cooking.Cooking
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.cooking.Cooking$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/godwars/Zilyana.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.godwars.Zilyana
com/platinum/world/content/minigames/impl/Barrows.java
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.Barrows
com/platinum/world/content/clan/ClanChatRank.java
 com.platinum.world.content.clan.ClanChatRank
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterReferral.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterReferral
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/SendClanChatMessagePacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.SendClanChatMessagePacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/ProgressionManager.java
 com.platinum.world.content.ProgressionManager
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/AvatarOfCreation.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.AvatarOfCreation
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.AvatarOfCreation$1
com/platinum/world/content/Tztok.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Tztok
 com.platinum.world.content.Tztok$1
 com.platinum.world.content.Tztok$2
 com.platinum.world.content.Tztok$TztokLocation
com/platinum/net/packet/ValueType.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.ValueType
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Fear.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Fear
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Fear$1
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/SwitchItemSlotPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.SwitchItemSlotPacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/treasuretrails/SearchScrolls.java
 com.platinum.world.content.treasuretrails.SearchScrolls
 com.platinum.world.content.treasuretrails.SearchScrolls$SearchData
com/platinum/world/content/combat/bossminigame/BossRewardChest.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.bossminigame.BossRewardChest
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.bossminigame.BossRewardChest$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.bossminigame.BossRewardChest$2
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/dungeoneering/Dungeoneering.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.dungeoneering.Dungeoneering
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.dungeoneering.Dungeoneering$1
com/platinum/world/content/TrioBosses.java
 com.platinum.world.content.TrioBosses
 com.platinum.world.content.TrioBosses$1
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/NpcAggression.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.NpcAggression
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/BorkStrategy.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.BorkStrategy
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.BorkStrategy$1
com/platinum/world/content/minigames/impl/gungame/GungameData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.gungame.GungameData
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountToRemoveFromBob.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountToRemoveFromBob
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/DailyNpcCombat.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.DailyNpcCombat
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.DailyNpcCombat$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.DailyNpcCombat$2
com/platinum/world/content/combat/range/CombatRangedAmmo.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.range.CombatRangedAmmo
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.range.CombatRangedAmmo$AmmunitionData
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.range.CombatRangedAmmo$RangedWeaponData
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.range.CombatRangedAmmo$RangedWeaponType
com/platinum/model/definitions/ItemDefinition.java
 com.platinum.model.definitions.ItemDefinition
 com.platinum.model.definitions.ItemDefinition$EquipmentType
com/platinum/net/packet/ReadItemDataFromClient.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.ReadItemDataFromClient
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/godwars/Gritch.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.godwars.Gritch
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.godwars.Gritch$1
com/platinum/world/content/VIPChest.java
 com.platinum.world.content.VIPChest
 com.platinum.world.content.VIPChest$1
com/platinum/world/content/teleportation/TeleportMinigames.java
 com.platinum.world.content.teleportation.TeleportMinigames
 com.platinum.world.content.teleportation.TeleportMinigames$Minigames
com/platinum/world/content/itemcombiner/CombinerData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.itemcombiner.CombinerData
com/platinum/world/content/minigames/impl/RecipeForDisaster.java
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.RecipeForDisaster
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.RecipeForDisaster$1
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.RecipeForDisaster$2
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/woodcutting/WoodcuttingData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.woodcutting.WoodcuttingData
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.woodcutting.WoodcuttingData$Hatchet
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.woodcutting.WoodcuttingData$Trees
com/platinum/world/content/PetPerkData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.PetPerkData
com/platinum/world/content/combat/effect/CombatPoisonEffect.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.effect.CombatPoisonEffect
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.effect.CombatPoisonEffect$CombatPoisonData
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.effect.CombatPoisonEffect$PoisonType
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/prayer/BonesOnAltar.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.prayer.BonesOnAltar
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.prayer.BonesOnAltar$1
com/platinum/world/clip/stream/ByteStream.java
 com.platinum.world.clip.stream.ByteStream
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/SingleInstancedZulrah.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.SingleInstancedZulrah
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/TradeInvitationPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.TradeInvitationPacketListener
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.TradeInvitationPacketListener$1
com/platinum/world/content/Warmonger.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Warmonger
 com.platinum.world.content.Warmonger$1
com/platinum/world/content/RUBoxes.java
 com.platinum.world.content.RUBoxes
com/platinum/world/content/BrawlingGloves.java
 com.platinum.world.content.BrawlingGloves
com/platinum/DumpBonusesNick.java
 com.platinum.DumpBonusesNick
com/platinum/world/content/combat/magic/CombatNormalSpell.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatNormalSpell
com/platinum/SaveNpcData.java
 com.platinum.SaveNpcData
com/platinum/net/packet/NpcConfigActionPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.NpcConfigActionPacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/godwars/Grimspike.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.godwars.Grimspike
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.godwars.Grimspike$1
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/CharacterList.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.CharacterList
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.CharacterList$CharacterListIterator
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/crafting/LeatherMaking.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.crafting.LeatherMaking
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.crafting.LeatherMaking$1
com/platinum/world/content/clan/ClanChat.java
 com.platinum.world.content.clan.ClanChat
 com.platinum.world.content.clan.ClanChat$1
 com.platinum.world.content.clan.ClanChat$ClanList
com/platinum/model/definitions/WeaponAnimations.java
 com.platinum.model.definitions.WeaponAnimations
com/platinum/world/content/grandexchange/GrandExchangeOffer.java
 com.platinum.world.content.grandexchange.GrandExchangeOffer
 com.platinum.world.content.grandexchange.GrandExchangeOffer$OfferType
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/zulrah/impl/MeleeStageTen.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.zulrah.impl.MeleeStageTen
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/zulrah/impl/RangeStageEleven.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.zulrah.impl.RangeStageEleven
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/herblore/UnfinishedPotions.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.herblore.UnfinishedPotions
com/platinum/net/security/IsaacRandom.java
 com.platinum.net.security.IsaacRandom
com/platinum/world/content/TheCustomWyrm.java
 com.platinum.world.content.TheCustomWyrm
 com.platinum.world.content.TheCustomWyrm$1
 com.platinum.world.content.TheCustomWyrm$2
 com.platinum.world.content.TheCustomWyrm$HarambeLocation
com/platinum/util/RandomUtility.java
 com.platinum.util.RandomUtility
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/farming/Flower.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.farming.Flower
com/platinum/world/content/preset/Presets.java
 com.platinum.world.content.preset.Presets
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/HarLakkRiftsplitter.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.HarLakkRiftsplitter
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.HarLakkRiftsplitter$1
com/platinum/world/content/roulette/SetRouletteBet.java
 com.platinum.world.content.roulette.SetRouletteBet
com/platinum/world/content/LootCrates.java
 com.platinum.world.content.LootCrates
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/WithdrawMoneyFromPouchPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.WithdrawMoneyFromPouchPacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/Trading.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Trading
com/platinum/world/content/StarterTasks.java
 com.platinum.world.content.StarterTasks
 com.platinum.world.content.StarterTasks$StarterTaskAttributes
 com.platinum.world.content.StarterTasks$StarterTaskData
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/DireWolf.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.DireWolf
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/mining/MiningData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.mining.MiningData
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.mining.MiningData$Ores
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.mining.MiningData$Pickaxe
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/construction/Portal.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.Portal
com/platinum/ResetDonatorPoints.java
 com.platinum.ResetDonatorPoints
com/platinum/world/content/TaxBagBox.java
 com.platinum.world.content.TaxBagBox
com/platinum/model/input/impl/SetPinPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.SetPinPacketListener
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/FireImmunityTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.FireImmunityTask
com/platinum/world/content/LMSFoodBox.java
 com.platinum.world.content.LMSFoodBox
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/InstancedAreaManager.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.InstancedAreaManager
com/platinum/world/content/combat/magic/CombatAncientSpell.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatAncientSpell
com/platinum/world/content/dropchecker/NPCDropTableChecker.java
 com.platinum.world.content.dropchecker.NPCDropTableChecker
 com.platinum.world.content.dropchecker.NPCDropTableChecker$1
com/platinum/model/container/StackType.java
 com.platinum.model.container.StackType
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/ExamineNpcPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ExamineNpcPacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/dialogue/Dialogue.java
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.Dialogue
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/construction/HouseFurniture.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.HouseFurniture
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/dungeoneering/DungeoneeringFloor.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.dungeoneering.DungeoneeringFloor
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/StaffOfLightSpecialAttackTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.StaffOfLightSpecialAttackTask
com/platinum/world/content/dialogue/impl/Mandrith.java
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.Mandrith
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.Mandrith$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/pvp/PlayerKillingAttributes.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.pvp.PlayerKillingAttributes
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/MagicOnPlayerPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.MagicOnPlayerPacketListener
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterGeQuantity.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterGeQuantity
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/construction/Room.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.Room
com/platinum/world/content/combat/CombatHitTask.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.CombatHitTask
com/platinum/world/content/combat/bossminigame/BossMiniGame.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.bossminigame.BossMiniGame
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/summoning/BossPets.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.summoning.BossPets
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.summoning.BossPets$BossPet
com/platinum/engine/GameEngine.java
 com.platinum.engine.GameEngine
com/platinum/world/content/PlayerLogs.java
 com.platinum.world.content.PlayerLogs
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/construction/Servant.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.Servant
com/platinum/world/content/minigames/impl/FreeForAll.java
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.FreeForAll
com/platinum/world/content/combat/TenKMassacre.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.TenKMassacre
com/platinum/world/content/MysteryBox.java
 com.platinum.world.content.MysteryBox
com/platinum/model/movement/MovementStatus.java
 com.platinum.model.movement.MovementStatus
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/runecrafting/Runecrafting.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.runecrafting.Runecrafting
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/DungeoneeringPartyInvitatationPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.DungeoneeringPartyInvitatationPacketListener
com/platinum/event/CycleEvent.java
 com.platinum.event.CycleEvent
com/platinum/world/content/RandomDrItemBox.java
 com.platinum.world.content.RandomDrItemBox
com/platinum/model/input/impl/BuyShards.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.BuyShards
com/platinum/world/content/FiftyFiftyBox.java
 com.platinum.world.content.FiftyFiftyBox
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountToRemoveFromStake.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountToRemoveFromStake
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/GlobalObject.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.GlobalObject
com/platinum/world/content/DropLog.java
 com.platinum.world.content.DropLog
 com.platinum.world.content.DropLog$1
 com.platinum.world.content.DropLog$2
 com.platinum.world.content.DropLog$DropLogEntry
com/platinum/world/content/invansionminigame/Testing.java
 com.platinum.world.content.invansionminigame.Testing
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/hunter/Hunter.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.hunter.Hunter
com/platinum/net/packet/ByteOrder.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.ByteOrder
com/platinum/model/GraphicHeight.java
 com.platinum.model.GraphicHeight
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/hunter/Trap.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.hunter.Trap
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.hunter.Trap$TrapState
com/platinum/world/content/combat/DailyNPCTask.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.DailyNPCTask
com/platinum/world/content/Gambling.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Gambling
 com.platinum.world.content.Gambling$FlowersData
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/SpecialRegainPotionTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.SpecialRegainPotionTask
com/platinum/util/TextUtility.java
 com.platinum.util.TextUtility
com/platinum/model/container/impl/BeastOfBurden.java
 com.platinum.model.container.impl.BeastOfBurden
com/platinum/model/movement/PathFinder.java
 com.platinum.model.movement.PathFinder
com/platinum/model/Item.java
 com.platinum.model.Item
com/platinum/world/content/droppreview/CERB.java
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.CERB
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.CERB$1
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.CERB$2
com/platinum/world/clip/stream/MemoryArchive.java
 com.platinum.world.clip.stream.MemoryArchive
com/platinum/world/content/Avatar.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Avatar
com/platinum/world/content/minigames/impl/Nomad.java
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.Nomad
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.Nomad$1
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/NPCDeathTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.NPCDeathTask
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.NPCDeathTask$1
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.NPCDeathTask$2
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.NPCDeathTask$3
com/platinum/world/content/DonationDeals.java
 com.platinum.world.content.DonationDeals
 com.platinum.world.content.DonationDeals$1
com/platinum/world/content/aoesystem/AOEWeaponData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.aoesystem.AOEWeaponData
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/KalphiteQueen.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.KalphiteQueen
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.KalphiteQueen$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.KalphiteQueen$2
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/wilderness/ChaosElemental.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.wilderness.ChaosElemental
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.wilderness.ChaosElemental$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.wilderness.ChaosElemental$2
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.wilderness.ChaosElemental$ElementalData
com/platinum/world/content/event/SpecialEvents.java
 com.platinum.world.content.event.SpecialEvents
com/platinum/world/content/collectionlog/CollectionLog.java
 com.platinum.world.content.collectionlog.CollectionLog
com/platinum/world/content/teleportation/teleportsystem/BossInformationEnum.java
 com.platinum.world.content.teleportation.teleportsystem.BossInformationEnum
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Dragonix.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Dragonix
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Dragonix$1
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/crafting/Gems.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.crafting.Gems
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.crafting.Gems$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.crafting.Gems$GEM_DATA
com/platinum/world/content/ItemsKeptOnDeath.java
 com.platinum.world.content.ItemsKeptOnDeath
 com.platinum.world.content.ItemsKeptOnDeath$1
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/zulrah/impl/MageStageFive.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.zulrah.impl.MageStageFive
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/OverloadPotionTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.OverloadPotionTask
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Geerin.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Geerin
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Geerin$1
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/farming/GrassyPatch.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.farming.GrassyPatch
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.farming.GrassyPatch$1
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/herblore/decanting/PotionDecanting.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.herblore.decanting.PotionDecanting
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountToInfuse.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountToInfuse
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/GroundItemManager.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.GroundItemManager
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/DefaultMagicCombatStrategy.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.DefaultMagicCombatStrategy
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/godwars/Graardor.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.godwars.Graardor
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.godwars.Graardor$1
com/platinum/model/container/impl/Shop.java
 com.platinum.model.container.impl.Shop
 com.platinum.model.container.impl.Shop$ShopManager
 com.platinum.model.container.impl.Shop$ShopManager$1
com/platinum/world/content/grandexchange/GrandExchangeOffers.java
 com.platinum.world.content.grandexchange.GrandExchangeOffers
com/platinum/world/content/NPCFightDuration.java
 com.platinum.world.content.NPCFightDuration
com/platinum/world/content/raids/addons/RaidChest.java
 com.platinum.world.content.raids.addons.RaidChest
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/runecrafting/RunecraftingPouches.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.runecrafting.RunecraftingPouches
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.runecrafting.RunecraftingPouches$RunecraftingPouch
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/crafting/leatherDialogueData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.crafting.leatherDialogueData
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/BandosAvatar.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.BandosAvatar
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.BandosAvatar$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.BandosAvatar$2
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/CombatStrategies.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.CombatStrategies
com/platinum/world/content/droppreview/GLAC.java
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.GLAC
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.GLAC$1
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.GLAC$2
com/platinum/util/Stopwatch.java
 com.platinum.util.Stopwatch
com/platinum/world/content/combat/magic/CombatSpells.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$10
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$11
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$12
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$13
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$14
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$15
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$16
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$17
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$18
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$19
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$2
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$20
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$21
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$22
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$23
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$24
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$25
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$26
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$27
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$28
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$29
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$3
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$30
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$31
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$32
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$33
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$34
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$35
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$36
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$37
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$38
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$39
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$4
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$40
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$41
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$42
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$43
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$44
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$45
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$46
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$47
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$48
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$49
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$5
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$50
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$51
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$52
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$53
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$54
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$55
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$56
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$57
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$58
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$59
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$6
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$60
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$7
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$8
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpells$9
com/platinum/world/content/dialogue/impl/ExplorerJack.java
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.ExplorerJack
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.ExplorerJack$1
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.ExplorerJack$1$1
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.ExplorerJack$2
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/crafting/Flax.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.crafting.Flax
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.crafting.Flax$1
com/platinum/model/input/impl/ChangeInstanceAmount.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.ChangeInstanceAmount
com/platinum/world/content/KCSystem.java
 com.platinum.world.content.KCSystem
 com.platinum.world.content.KCSystem$NpcData
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/hunter/Bait.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.hunter.Bait
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/player/PlayerProcess.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.player.PlayerProcess
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/PrayerRenewalPotionTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.PrayerRenewalPotionTask
com/platinum/world/content/skill/SkillManager.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.SkillManager
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.SkillManager$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.SkillManager$2
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.SkillManager$Skills
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/construction/Palette.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.Palette
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.Palette$PaletteTile
com/platinum/world/content/DragonMultiDrop.java
 com.platinum.world.content.DragonMultiDrop
 com.platinum.world.content.DragonMultiDrop$1
 com.platinum.world.content.DragonMultiDrop$2
 com.platinum.world.content.DragonMultiDrop$DragonMultiDropLocation
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/MagicOnItemsPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.MagicOnItemsPacketListener
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.MagicOnItemsPacketListener$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/wilderness/Vetion.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.wilderness.Vetion
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.wilderness.Vetion$1
com/platinum/world/content/crashgame/HandleCrashBetChange.java
 com.platinum.world.content.crashgame.HandleCrashBetChange
com/platinum/world/content/WellOfGoodwill.java
 com.platinum.world.content.WellOfGoodwill
 com.platinum.world.content.WellOfGoodwill$1
 com.platinum.world.content.WellOfGoodwill$2
 com.platinum.world.content.WellOfGoodwill$WellState
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/slayer/SlayerTasks.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.slayer.SlayerTasks
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/NPCMovementCoordinator.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.NPCMovementCoordinator
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.NPCMovementCoordinator$1
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.NPCMovementCoordinator$CoordinateState
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.NPCMovementCoordinator$Coordinator
com/platinum/world/content/CustomVoragoMultiDrop.java
 com.platinum.world.content.CustomVoragoMultiDrop
 com.platinum.world.content.CustomVoragoMultiDrop$1
 com.platinum.world.content.CustomVoragoMultiDrop$2
 com.platinum.world.content.CustomVoragoMultiDrop$CustomVoragoMultiDropLocation
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/cooking/CookingData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.cooking.CookingData
com/platinum/world/content/combat/bossminigame/InventorySetups.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.bossminigame.InventorySetups
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/BonusExperienceTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.BonusExperienceTask
com/platinum/world/content/scratchcard/ScratchCardData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.scratchcard.ScratchCardData
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Revenant.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Revenant
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Revenant$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Revenant$2
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Revenant$REVENANT_DATA
com/platinum/net/login/LoginEncoder.java
 com.platinum.net.login.LoginEncoder
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/CustomBossInstance.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.CustomBossInstance
com/platinum/model/RegionInstance.java
 com.platinum.model.RegionInstance
 com.platinum.model.RegionInstance$RegionInstanceType
com/platinum/world/content/minigames/impl/PestControl.java
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.PestControl
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.PestControl$1
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.PestControl$2
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.PestControl$PestControlNPC
com/platinum/world/content/combat/bossminigame/BossMinigameFunctions.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.bossminigame.BossMinigameFunctions
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.bossminigame.BossMinigameFunctions$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.bossminigame.BossMinigameFunctions$2
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/player/PlayerLoading.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.player.PlayerLoading
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.player.PlayerLoading$1
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.player.PlayerLoading$2
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.player.PlayerLoading$3
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.player.PlayerLoading$4
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/farming/SeedType.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.farming.SeedType
com/platinum/world/content/DeluxeDonatorChest.java
 com.platinum.world.content.DeluxeDonatorChest
 com.platinum.world.content.DeluxeDonatorChest$1
com/platinum/world/content/StaffList.java
 com.platinum.world.content.StaffList
 com.platinum.world.content.StaffList$1
com/platinum/model/input/impl/PosInput.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.PosInput
com/platinum/world/content/droppreview/PHEON.java
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.PHEON
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.PHEON$1
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.PHEON$2
com/platinum/world/content/DailyNpc.java
 com.platinum.world.content.DailyNpc
 com.platinum.world.content.DailyNpc$1
 com.platinum.world.content.DailyNpc$2
 com.platinum.world.content.DailyNpc$DailyNpcLocation
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/mining/Mining.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.mining.Mining
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.mining.Mining$1
com/platinum/event/CycleEventHandler.java
 com.platinum.event.CycleEventHandler
 com.platinum.event.CycleEventHandler$Event
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/herblore/PotionCombinating.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.herblore.PotionCombinating
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.herblore.PotionCombinating$CombiningDoses
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/dks/Thecustomwrencher.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.dks.Thecustomwrencher
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.dks.Thecustomwrencher$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Dragon.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Dragon
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Dragon$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/CombatStrategy.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.CombatStrategy
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/farming/FarmingPatches.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.farming.FarmingPatches
com/platinum/world/content/HourlyBoss.java
 com.platinum.world.content.HourlyBoss
 com.platinum.world.content.HourlyBoss$1
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/farming/Crop.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.farming.Crop
com/platinum/world/content/preset/Preset5.java
 com.platinum.world.content.preset.Preset5
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/woodcutting/BirdNests.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.woodcutting.BirdNests
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/DialoguePacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.DialoguePacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/starterzone/StarterZoneData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.starterzone.StarterZoneData
com/platinum/world/content/EvilTrees.java
 com.platinum.world.content.EvilTrees
 com.platinum.world.content.EvilTrees$EvilTree
 com.platinum.world.content.EvilTrees$LocationData
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Lexicus.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Lexicus
com/platinum/world/content/collectionlog/CollectionLogInterface.java
 com.platinum.world.content.collectionlog.CollectionLogInterface
com/platinum/model/input/impl/DonateWealth.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.DonateWealth
com/platinum/world/content/teleportation/TeleportPlayerKilling.java
 com.platinum.world.content.teleportation.TeleportPlayerKilling
 com.platinum.world.content.teleportation.TeleportPlayerKilling$PlayerKilling
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/AntiBotting.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.AntiBotting
com/platinum/world/content/LoyaltyProgramme.java
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$1
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$1
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$10
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$11
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$12
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$13
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$14
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$15
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$16
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$17
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$18
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$19
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$2
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$20
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$21
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$22
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$23
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$3
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$4
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$5
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$6
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$7
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$8
 com.platinum.world.content.LoyaltyProgramme$LoyaltyTitles$9
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountToCook.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountToCook
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/godwars/WingmanSkree.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.godwars.WingmanSkree
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.godwars.WingmanSkree$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Nex.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Nex
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Nex$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Nex$10
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Nex$11
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Nex$12
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Nex$13
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Nex$2
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Nex$3
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Nex$4
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Nex$5
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Nex$6
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Nex$7
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Nex$8
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Nex$9
com/platinum/world/content/combat/weapon/FightType.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.FightType
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/godwars/Steelwill.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.godwars.Steelwill
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.godwars.Steelwill$1
com/platinum/net/packet/InterfaceInputPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.InterfaceInputPacketListener
com/platinum/util/MutableNumber.java
 com.platinum.util.MutableNumber
com/platinum/util/Misc.java
 com.platinum.util.Misc
com/platinum/net/SessionState.java
 com.platinum.net.SessionState
com/platinum/model/container/ItemContainer.java
 com.platinum.model.container.ItemContainer
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/PlayerSkillsTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.PlayerSkillsTask
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/summoning/Familiar.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.summoning.Familiar
com/platinum/world/content/dialogue/DialogueManager.java
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.DialogueManager
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.DialogueManager$1
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.DialogueManager$1$1
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.DialogueManager$2
com/platinum/world/content/Consumables.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Consumables
 com.platinum.world.content.Consumables$FoodType
com/platinum/drophandler/MultiDropHandler.java
 com.platinum.drophandler.MultiDropHandler
com/platinum/tools/PlayerBackup.java
 com.platinum.tools.PlayerBackup
com/platinum/model/container/impl/Bank.java
 com.platinum.model.container.impl.Bank
 com.platinum.model.container.impl.Bank$BankSearchAttributes
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/zulrah/impl/MageStageEight.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.zulrah.impl.MageStageEight
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/crafting/leatherData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.crafting.leatherData
com/platinum/net/packet/PacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.PacketListener
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/ItemColorCustomization.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ItemColorCustomization
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/raid/BalanceElemental.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.raid.BalanceElemental
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.raid.BalanceElemental$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.raid.BalanceElemental$2
com/platinum/world/content/TriviaBot.java
 com.platinum.world.content.TriviaBot
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterRaidParty.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterRaidParty
com/platinum/model/definitions/DropUtils.java
 com.platinum.model.definitions.DropUtils
 com.platinum.model.definitions.DropUtils$1
com/platinum/world/content/Cows.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Cows
 com.platinum.world.content.Cows$1
com/platinum/world/content/UltraDonationBox.java
 com.platinum.world.content.UltraDonationBox
com/platinum/model/input/impl/SetEmail.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.SetEmail
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/BallakPummeler.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.BallakPummeler
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.BallakPummeler$1
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/SilencedPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.SilencedPacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/MemberScrolls.java
 com.platinum.world.content.MemberScrolls
 com.platinum.world.content.MemberScrolls$1
com/platinum/util/DiscordRewards.java
 com.platinum.util.DiscordRewards
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/construction/sawmill/SawmillOperator.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.sawmill.SawmillOperator
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.sawmill.SawmillOperator$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/weapon/FightStyle.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.FightStyle
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.FightStyle$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.FightStyle$2
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.FightStyle$3
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.weapon.FightStyle$4
com/platinum/net/login/LoginDetailsMessage.java
 com.platinum.net.login.LoginDetailsMessage
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/ChangeAppearancePacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ChangeAppearancePacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/godwars/Geerin.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.godwars.Geerin
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.godwars.Geerin$1
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountToTrade.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountToTrade
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterPinPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterPinPacketListener
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterPinPacketListener$1
com/platinum/world/content/WildernessObelisks.java
 com.platinum.world.content.WildernessObelisks
 com.platinum.world.content.WildernessObelisks$1
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/NPCRespawnTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.NPCRespawnTask
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/godwars/Tsutsuroth.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.godwars.Tsutsuroth
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.godwars.Tsutsuroth$1
com/platinum/world/content/aoesystem/AOESystem.java
 com.platinum.world.content.aoesystem.AOESystem
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/ZamorakIktomi.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.ZamorakIktomi
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.ZamorakIktomi$1
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/pvm/NpcGain.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.pvm.NpcGain
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/WalkToTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.WalkToTask
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.WalkToTask$FinalizedMovementTask
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/Upgrade.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.Upgrade
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.Upgrade$UpgItem
com/platinum/world/content/crashgame/HandleCrashAutoCashoutChange.java
 com.platinum.world.content.crashgame.HandleCrashAutoCashoutChange
com/platinum/world/teleportinterface/TeleportInterface.java
 com.platinum.world.teleportinterface.TeleportInterface
 com.platinum.world.teleportinterface.TeleportInterface$Bosses
 com.platinum.world.teleportinterface.TeleportInterface$Cities
 com.platinum.world.teleportinterface.TeleportInterface$Minigames
 com.platinum.world.teleportinterface.TeleportInterface$Monsters
 com.platinum.world.teleportinterface.TeleportInterface$Wilderness
 com.platinum.world.teleportinterface.TeleportInterface$Zones
com/platinum/world/content/droppreview/TDS.java
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.TDS
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.TDS$1
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.TDS$2
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountToSpin.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountToSpin
com/platinum/model/Skill.java
 com.platinum.model.Skill
 com.platinum.model.Skill$1
com/platinum/model/container/impl/PriceChecker.java
 com.platinum.model.container.impl.PriceChecker
com/platinum/world/entity/Entity.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.Entity
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterSyntaxToItemSearchFor.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterSyntaxToItemSearchFor
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/RainbowObjectTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.RainbowObjectTask
com/platinum/world/content/ItemDegrading.java
 com.platinum.world.content.ItemDegrading
 com.platinum.world.content.ItemDegrading$1
 com.platinum.world.content.ItemDegrading$DegradingItem
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/runecrafting/DesoSpan.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.runecrafting.DesoSpan
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.runecrafting.DesoSpan$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.runecrafting.DesoSpan$Energy
com/platinum/world/content/CustomObjects.java
 com.platinum.world.content.CustomObjects
 com.platinum.world.content.CustomObjects$1
 com.platinum.world.content.CustomObjects$2
 com.platinum.world.content.CustomObjects$3
 com.platinum.world.content.CustomObjects$4
com/platinum/world/content/Digging.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Digging
 com.platinum.world.content.Digging$1
com/platinum/model/container/impl/Inventory.java
 com.platinum.model.container.impl.Inventory
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/herblore/IngridientsBook.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.herblore.IngridientsBook
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Glacor.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Glacor
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Glacor$1
com/platinum/world/content/fuser/CombineHandler.java
 com.platinum.world.content.fuser.CombineHandler
com/platinum/world/content/ExperienceLamps.java
 com.platinum.world.content.ExperienceLamps
 com.platinum.world.content.ExperienceLamps$Interface_Buttons
 com.platinum.world.content.ExperienceLamps$LampData
com/platinum/model/Locations.java
 com.platinum.model.Locations
 com.platinum.model.Locations$1
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$1
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$10
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$11
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$12
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$13
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$14
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$15
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$16
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$17
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$18
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$19
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$2
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$20
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$21
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$22
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$23
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$24
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$25
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$26
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$27
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$28
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$29
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$3
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$30
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$31
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$32
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$33
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$34
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$35
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$36
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$37
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$38
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$39
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$4
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$40
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$41
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$42
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$43
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$44
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$45
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$46
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$47
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$48
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$49
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$5
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$50
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$51
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$52
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$53
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$54
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$55
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$56
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$57
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$58
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$59
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$6
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$60
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$61
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$7
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$8
 com.platinum.model.Locations$Location$9
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/TormentedDemon.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.TormentedDemon
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.TormentedDemon$1
com/platinum/world/content/Sounds.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Sounds
 com.platinum.world.content.Sounds$1
 com.platinum.world.content.Sounds$Sound
com/platinum/world/content/MultiDropHandler.java
 com.platinum.world.content.MultiDropHandler
com/platinum/world/content/treasuretrails/Puzzle.java
 com.platinum.world.content.treasuretrails.Puzzle
com/platinum/world/content/clan/ClanChatManager.java
 com.platinum.world.content.clan.ClanChatManager
 com.platinum.world.content.clan.ClanChatManager$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/SuicsBoss.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.SuicsBoss
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.SuicsBoss$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.SuicsBoss$2
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.SuicsBoss$3
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.SuicsBoss$Stage
com/platinum/world/content/customraids/RaidParty.java
 com.platinum.world.content.customraids.RaidParty
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/zulrah/impl/MeleeStageSix.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.zulrah.impl.MeleeStageSix
com/platinum/world/content/combat/range/DwarfMultiCannon.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.range.DwarfMultiCannon
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.range.DwarfMultiCannon$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.range.DwarfMultiCannon$2
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Nomad.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Nomad
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Nomad$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Nomad$2
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Nomad$3
com/platinum/world/content/KeysEvent.java
 com.platinum.world.content.KeysEvent
 com.platinum.world.content.KeysEvent$1
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/minigame/KeyRoom.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.minigame.KeyRoom
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.minigame.KeyRoom$KeyChance
com/platinum/world/content/invansionminigame/InvasionGame.java
 com.platinum.world.content.invansionminigame.InvasionGame
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterClanChatToJoin.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterClanChatToJoin
com/platinum/world/content/DungeonMinigameChest.java
 com.platinum.world.content.DungeonMinigameChest
 com.platinum.world.content.DungeonMinigameChest$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/wilderness/Callisto.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.wilderness.Callisto
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.wilderness.Callisto$1
com/platinum/world/content/gamblinginterface/GamblingInterface.java
 com.platinum.world.content.gamblinginterface.GamblingInterface
 com.platinum.world.content.gamblinginterface.GamblingInterface$1
 com.platinum.world.content.gamblinginterface.GamblingInterface$2
 com.platinum.world.content.gamblinginterface.GamblingInterface$3
 com.platinum.world.content.gamblinginterface.GamblingInterface$4
 com.platinum.world.content.gamblinginterface.GamblingInterface$5
 com.platinum.world.content.gamblinginterface.GamblingInterface$6
 com.platinum.world.content.gamblinginterface.GamblingInterface$7
 com.platinum.world.content.gamblinginterface.GamblingInterface$8
 com.platinum.world.content.gamblinginterface.GamblingInterface$GamblingMode
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/hunter/SnareTrap.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.hunter.SnareTrap
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/PlayerRelationPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.PlayerRelationPacketListener
com/platinum/net/security/ConnectionHandler.java
 com.platinum.net.security.ConnectionHandler
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterYellTitle.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterYellTitle
com/platinum/model/Damage.java
 com.platinum.model.Damage
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/zulrah/impl/MageStageThree.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.zulrah.impl.MageStageThree
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/construction/sawmill/Plank.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.sawmill.Plank
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountOfHidesToTan.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountOfHidesToTan
com/platinum/mysql/impl/Voting.java
 com.platinum.mysql.impl.Voting
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/dks/DagannothSupreme.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.dks.DagannothSupreme
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.dks.DagannothSupreme$1
com/platinum/world/content/grandexchange/GrandExchangeSlotState.java
 com.platinum.world.content.grandexchange.GrandExchangeSlotState
 com.platinum.world.content.grandexchange.GrandExchangeSlotState$1
 com.platinum.world.content.grandexchange.GrandExchangeSlotState$2
 com.platinum.world.content.grandexchange.GrandExchangeSlotState$3
 com.platinum.world.content.grandexchange.GrandExchangeSlotState$4
 com.platinum.world.content.grandexchange.GrandExchangeSlotState$5
 com.platinum.world.content.grandexchange.GrandExchangeSlotState$6
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/zulrah/impl/RangeStageFour.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.zulrah.impl.RangeStageFour
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/smithing/Smelting.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.smithing.Smelting
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.smithing.Smelting$1
com/platinum/world/content/ItemBonuses.java
 com.platinum.world.content.ItemBonuses
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/ObjectActionPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ObjectActionPacketListener
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ObjectActionPacketListener$1
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ObjectActionPacketListener$2
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ObjectActionPacketListener$2$1
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ObjectActionPacketListener$2$2
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ObjectActionPacketListener$2$3
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ObjectActionPacketListener$2$4
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ObjectActionPacketListener$2$5
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ObjectActionPacketListener$2$6
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ObjectActionPacketListener$2$7
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ObjectActionPacketListener$2$8
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ObjectActionPacketListener$3
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ObjectActionPacketListener$4
com/platinum/world/content/PlayerPanel.java
 com.platinum.world.content.PlayerPanel
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/PlaneFreezer.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.PlaneFreezer
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.PlaneFreezer$1
com/platinum/model/input/impl/ItemSearch.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.ItemSearch
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.ItemSearch$1
com/platinum/model/Direction.java
 com.platinum.model.Direction
 com.platinum.model.Direction$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/pvp/BountyHunter.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.pvp.BountyHunter
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountOfBonesToSacrifice.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountOfBonesToSacrifice
com/platinum/world/entity/updating/PlayerUpdateSequence.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.updating.PlayerUpdateSequence
com/platinum/world/content/combat/DesolaceFormulas.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.DesolaceFormulas
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.DesolaceFormulas$1
com/platinum/world/content/Dissolving.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Dissolving
 com.platinum.world.content.Dissolving$DissolvingData
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Tsutsuroth.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Tsutsuroth
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Tsutsuroth$1
com/platinum/util/StringUtils.java
 com.platinum.util.StringUtils
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/crafting/Tanning.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.crafting.Tanning
com/platinum/world/content/Bork.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Assassin
 com.platinum.world.content.Assassin$1
 com.platinum.world.content.Assassin$2
 com.platinum.world.content.Assassin$BorkLocation
com/platinum/world/content/groupironman/input/InvitePlayerInputListener.java
 com.platinum.world.content.groupironman.input.InvitePlayerInputListener
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/zulrah/DangerousEntity.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.zulrah.DangerousEntity
com/platinum/world/content/combat/magic/CombatSpell.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpell
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.CombatSpell$1
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/HeightCheckPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.HeightCheckPacketListener
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/PrestigeSkillPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.PrestigeSkillPacketListener
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountOfLogsToAdd.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountOfLogsToAdd
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/ChatPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ChatPacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/crashgame/PlaceBetInputListener.java
 com.platinum.world.content.crashgame.PlaceBetInputListener
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/PlayerOptionPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.PlayerOptionPacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/droppreview/AVATAR.java
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.AVATAR
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.AVATAR$1
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.AVATAR$2
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/farming/Plants.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.farming.Plants
com/platinum/util/JsonLoader.java
 com.platinum.util.JsonLoader
com/platinum/model/input/EnterAmount.java
 com.platinum.model.input.EnterAmount
com/platinum/world/content/treasuretrails/ClueScroll.java
 com.platinum.world.content.treasuretrails.ClueScroll
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/CorporealBeast.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.CorporealBeast
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.CorporealBeast$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.CorporealBeast$2
com/platinum/model/GroundItem.java
 com.platinum.model.GroundItem
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Harambe.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Harambe
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Harambe$1
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/player/PlayerHandler.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.player.PlayerHandler
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/summoning/FamiliarData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.summoning.FamiliarData
com/platinum/world/content/raids/Raid1.java
 com.platinum.world.content.raids.Raid1
com/platinum/world/content/ShootingStar.java
 com.platinum.world.content.ShootingStar
 com.platinum.world.content.ShootingStar$CrashedStar
 com.platinum.world.content.ShootingStar$LocationData
com/platinum/world/content/combat/magic/Autocasting.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.Autocasting
com/platinum/world/content/preset/Preset2.java
 com.platinum.world.content.preset.Preset2
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/FollowPlayerPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.FollowPlayerPacketListener
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/AutorelFixTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.AutorelFixTask
com/platinum/world/content/transportation/TeleportType.java
 com.platinum.world.content.transportation.TeleportType
 com.platinum.world.content.transportation.TeleportType$Animations
com/platinum/world/clip/stream/ByteStreamExt.java
 com.platinum.world.clip.stream.ByteStreamExt
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/DefaultRangedCombatStrategy.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.DefaultRangedCombatStrategy
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.DefaultRangedCombatStrategy$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.DefaultRangedCombatStrategy$2
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.DefaultRangedCombatStrategy$3
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountToPriceCheck.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountToPriceCheck
com/platinum/net/packet/Packet.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.Packet
 com.platinum.net.packet.Packet$1
 com.platinum.net.packet.Packet$PacketType
com/platinum/world/content/ProgressionTask.java
 com.platinum.world.content.ProgressionTask
com/platinum/net/ChannelHandler.java
 com.platinum.net.ChannelHandler
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountToRemoveFromPriceCheck.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountToRemoveFromPriceCheck
com/platinum/model/MagicSpellbook.java
 com.platinum.model.MagicSpellbook
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/CeilingCollapseTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.CeilingCollapseTask
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Kraken.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Kraken
com/platinum/world/content/starterprogression/NPCRequirement.java
 com.platinum.world.content.starterprogression.NPCRequirement
com/platinum/world/content/combat/effect/CombatTeleblockEffect.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.effect.CombatTeleblockEffect
com/platinum/world/content/transportation/JewelryTeleporting.java
 com.platinum.world.content.transportation.JewelryTeleporting
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/dungeoneering/DungeoneeringParty.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.dungeoneering.DungeoneeringParty
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/herblore/Herbs.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.herblore.Herbs
com/platinum/model/ChatMessage.java
 com.platinum.model.ChatMessage
 com.platinum.model.ChatMessage$Message
com/platinum/world/content/LMSRuneBox.java
 com.platinum.world.content.LMSRuneBox
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/fletching/StringingData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.fletching.StringingData
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/ShopRestockTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.ShopRestockTask
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountToFletch.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountToFletch
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/CustomSkillCapeTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.CustomSkillCapeTask
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/Kreeyath.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Kreeyath
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.Kreeyath$1
com/platinum/world/content/PlayerDropLog.java
 com.platinum.world.content.PlayerDropLog
 com.platinum.world.content.PlayerDropLog$DropLogItem
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/herblore/Herblore.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.herblore.Herblore
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.herblore.Herblore$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.herblore.Herblore$2
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.herblore.Herblore$SpecialPotion
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/WildyWyrm.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.WildyWyrm
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.WildyWyrm$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.WildyWyrm$2
com/platinum/world/content/CrexDrops.java
 com.platinum.world.content.CrexDrops
 com.platinum.world.content.CrexDrops$1
 com.platinum.world.content.CrexDrops$2
 com.platinum.world.content.CrexDrops$CrexDropsLocation
com/platinum/util/ShutdownHook.java
 com.platinum.util.ShutdownHook
com/platinum/model/SecondaryPlayerRights.java
 com.platinum.model.SecondaryPlayerRights
com/platinum/world/content/Loyaltychest.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Loyaltychest
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/zulrah/impl/SpawnZulrahStageZero.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.zulrah.impl.SpawnZulrahStageZero
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/zulrah/ZulrahLocation.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.zulrah.ZulrahLocation
com/platinum/world/content/groupironman/GroupIronman.java
 com.platinum.world.content.groupironman.GroupIronman
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/ArmadylAbyzou.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.ArmadylAbyzou
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.ArmadylAbyzou$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/MiniDire.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.MiniDire
com/platinum/world/content/raids/OldRaidParty.java
 com.platinum.world.content.raids.OldRaidParty
com/platinum/model/movement/WalkPoint.java
 com.platinum.model.movement.WalkPoint
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountOfBarsToSmelt.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountOfBarsToSmelt
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/smithing/EquipmentMaking.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.smithing.EquipmentMaking
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.smithing.EquipmentMaking$1
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/UseItemPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.UseItemPacketListener
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.UseItemPacketListener$1
com/platinum/model/ItemRarity.java
 com.platinum.model.ItemRarity
com/platinum/world/content/starterprogression/StarterProgression.java
 com.platinum.world.content.starterprogression.StarterProgression
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountToSellToShop.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountToSellToShop
com/platinum/model/input/impl/DonateToWell.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.DonateToWell
com/platinum/model/GameMode.java
 com.platinum.model.GameMode
com/platinum/world/content/minigames/impl/gungame/GunGame.java
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.gungame.GunGame
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/herblore/decanting/DecantablePotion.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.herblore.decanting.DecantablePotion
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/IdleLogoutPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.IdleLogoutPacketListener
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/zulrah/impl/RangeStageSeven.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.zulrah.impl.RangeStageSeven
com/platinum/world/content/RaidsEasyChest.java
 com.platinum.world.content.RaidsEasyChest
 com.platinum.world.content.RaidsEasyChest$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/UnholyCursebearer.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.UnholyCursebearer
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.UnholyCursebearer$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.UnholyCursebearer$2
com/platinum/net/packet/ShiftBankListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.ShiftBankListener
com/platinum/world/content/InfernalBox.java
 com.platinum.world.content.InfernalBox
com/platinum/world/content/upgrading/UpgradeData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.upgrading.UpgradeData
com/platinum/world/content/combat/CombatDistanceTask.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.CombatDistanceTask
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/construction/Construction.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.Construction
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.Construction$1
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.Construction$2
com/platinum/world/content/combat/magic/MagicSpells.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.MagicSpells
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.MagicSpells$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.MagicSpells$10
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.MagicSpells$2
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.MagicSpells$3
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.MagicSpells$4
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.MagicSpells$5
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.MagicSpells$6
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.MagicSpells$7
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.MagicSpells$8
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.MagicSpells$9
com/platinum/world/content/dissolving/DissolveListener.java
 com.platinum.world.content.dissolving.DissolveListener
 com.platinum.world.content.dissolving.DissolveListener$1
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/ZamorakLefosh.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.ZamorakLefosh
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.ZamorakLefosh$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.ZamorakLefosh$2
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/CleansingTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.CleansingTask
com/platinum/world/entity/EntityHandler.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.EntityHandler
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/zulrah/impl/MeleeStageTwo.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.zulrah.impl.MeleeStageTwo
com/platinum/world/content/minigames/Minigame.java
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.Minigame
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/construction/HouseDungeon.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.construction.HouseDungeon
com/platinum/world/content/collectionlog/SearchForCollectionNpc.java
 com.platinum.world.content.collectionlog.SearchForCollectionNpc
com/platinum/world/content/dialogue/impl/DungPartyInvitation.java
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.DungPartyInvitation
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.DungPartyInvitation$1
com/platinum/world/content/crashgame/CrashGame.java
 com.platinum.world.content.crashgame.CrashGame
com/platinum/world/content/fuser/CombineEnum.java
 com.platinum.world.content.fuser.CombineEnum
com/platinum/world/content/PlayersOnlineInterface.java
 com.platinum.world.content.PlayersOnlineInterface
 com.platinum.world.content.PlayersOnlineInterface$1
 com.platinum.world.content.PlayersOnlineInterface$2
com/platinum/world/content/Reminders.java
 com.platinum.world.content.Reminders
com/platinum/world/content/DefendersMinigame.java
 com.platinum.world.content.DefendersMinigame
com/platinum/world/content/dialogue/impl/AgilityTicketExchange.java
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.AgilityTicketExchange
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.AgilityTicketExchange$1
 com.platinum.world.content.dialogue.impl.AgilityTicketExchange$1$1
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/hunter/JarData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.hunter.JarData
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/hunter/BoxTrap.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.hunter.BoxTrap
com/platinum/world/content/combat/magic/Spell.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.magic.Spell
com/platinum/world/content/combat/bossminigame/StatSetups.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.bossminigame.StatSetups
com/platinum/model/Hitmask.java
 com.platinum.model.Hitmask
com/platinum/world/content/TheRick.java
 com.platinum.world.content.TheRick
 com.platinum.world.content.TheRick$1
 com.platinum.world.content.TheRick$2
 com.platinum.world.content.TheRick$TheRickLocation
com/platinum/world/content/skill/impl/fletching/ArrowData.java
 com.platinum.world.content.skill.impl.fletching.ArrowData
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterAmountToStore.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterAmountToStore
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/KeycodeListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.KeycodeListener
com/platinum/world/content/grandexchange/GrandExchangeSlot.java
 com.platinum.world.content.grandexchange.GrandExchangeSlot
com/platinum/event/CycleEventContainer.java
 com.platinum.event.CycleEventContainer
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/ItemContainerActionPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ItemContainerActionPacketListener
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ItemContainerActionPacketListener$1
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ItemContainerActionPacketListener$2
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ItemContainerActionPacketListener$3
com/platinum/world/content/droppreview/LIZARD.java
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.LIZARD
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.LIZARD$1
 com.platinum.world.content.droppreview.LIZARD$2
com/platinum/world/content/combat/CombatType.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.CombatType
com/platinum/world/content/minigames/impl/WarriorsGuild.java
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.WarriorsGuild
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.WarriorsGuild$1
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.WarriorsGuild$2
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.impl.WarriorsGuild$3
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/TheGeneral.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.TheGeneral
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.TheGeneral$1
com/platinum/world/entity/impl/npc/Bosses/GlobalObjects.java
 com.platinum.world.entity.impl.npc.Bosses.GlobalObjects
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/WizardOfTridentCombat.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.WizardOfTridentCombat
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.WizardOfTridentCombat$1
com/platinum/model/input/impl/EnterGePricePerItem.java
 com.platinum.model.input.impl.EnterGePricePerItem
com/platinum/net/packet/RouletteSpinEndPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.RouletteSpinEndPacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/minigames/MinigameAttributes.java
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.MinigameAttributes
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.MinigameAttributes$BarrowsMinigameAttributes
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.MinigameAttributes$DungeoneeringAttributes
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.MinigameAttributes$GodwarsDungeonAttributes
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.MinigameAttributes$GraveyardAttributes
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.MinigameAttributes$GunGameAttributes
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.MinigameAttributes$NomadAttributes
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.MinigameAttributes$PestControlAttributes
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.MinigameAttributes$RecipeForDisasterAttributes
 com.platinum.world.content.minigames.MinigameAttributes$WarriorsGuildAttributes
com/platinum/engine/task/impl/PlayerDeathTask.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.impl.PlayerDeathTask
com/platinum/world/content/HerbSack.java
 com.platinum.world.content.HerbSack
com/platinum/world/content/pos/PlayerOwnedShop.java
 com.platinum.world.content.pos.PlayerOwnedShop
 com.platinum.world.content.pos.PlayerOwnedShop$Item
com/platinum/world/content/combat/prayer/CurseHandler.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.prayer.CurseHandler
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.prayer.CurseHandler$1
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.prayer.CurseHandler$2
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.prayer.CurseHandler$CurseData
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.prayer.CurseHandler$PrayerAnimation
com/platinum/world/content/CrystalChest.java
 com.platinum.world.content.CrystalChest
com/platinum/engine/task/Task.java
 com.platinum.engine.task.Task
com/platinum/net/packet/codec/PacketDecoder.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.codec.PacketDecoder
com/platinum/world/content/ChristmasMysteryBox.java
 com.platinum.world.content.ChristmasMysteryBox
com/platinum/world/content/event/EventType.java
 com.platinum.world.content.event.EventType
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/ClickTextMenuPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.ClickTextMenuPacketListener
com/platinum/world/content/combat/strategy/impl/InfernalWizardCombat.java
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.InfernalWizardCombat
 com.platinum.world.content.combat.strategy.impl.InfernalWizardCombat$1
com/platinum/world/content/HWeenBoss.java
 com.platinum.world.content.HWeenBoss
 com.platinum.world.content.HWeenBoss$1
 com.platinum.world.content.HWeenBoss$2
 com.platinum.world.content.HWeenBoss$HWeenBossLocation
com/platinum/world/content/LMSRangeBox.java
 com.platinum.world.content.LMSRangeBox
com/platinum/net/packet/impl/CommandPacketListener.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.CommandPacketListener
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.CommandPacketListener$1
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.CommandPacketListener$2
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.CommandPacketListener$3
 com.platinum.net.packet.impl.CommandPacketListener$4
com/platinum/net/packet/PacketConstants.java
 com.platinum.net.packet.PacketConstants
 com.platinum.net.packet.PacketConstants$1
 com.platinum.net.packet.PacketConstants$2
 com.platinum.net.packet.PacketConstants$3
